Added Dev Container (#1023)
actualbudget/actual: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you do not have ideas what to build: the issue list is always a good starting point. Look for issues labeled with "[help wanted](https://github.com/actualbudget/actual/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)".

For first time contributions you can also filter the issues labeled with "[good first issue](https://github.com/actualbudget/actual/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)".

## Development Environment
If you would like to contribute you can fork this repository and create a branch specific to the project you are working on. 

There are two options for developing:
1. Yarn

>     - This is the traditional way to get an envrionment stood up. Simply run `yarn` to install the dependencies followed by `yarn start:browser` to start actual. You will then be able to access actual at `localhost:3001`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This is the traditional way to get an envrionment stood up. Run `yarn` to install the dependencies followed by `yarn start:browser` to start the development server. You will then be able to access Actual at `localhost:3001`.
```

2. Docker Compose

>     - If you prefer to work with docker containers, a `docker-compose.yml` file is included. Simply run `docker compose up -d` to start actual. It will be accessible at `localhost:3001`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you prefer to work with docker containers, a `docker-compose.yml` file is included. Run `docker compose up -d` to start Actual. It will be accessible at `localhost:3001`.
```
